README.md, before:

# How I used AI to classify Biden and Trump tweets



## Results


![alt text](https://github.com/[username]/[reponame]/blob/[branch]/image.jpg?raw=true)

![alt text](https://github.com/[username]/[reponame]/blob/[branch]/image.jpg?raw=true)


## Extra Insights

- The file explorer is accessible using the button in left corner of the navigation bar.
- You can create a new file by clicking the **New file** button in the file explorer. You can also create folders by clicking the **New folder** button.

## Getting the Data

All your files and folders are presented as a tree in the file explorer. You can switch from one to another by clicking a file in the tree.

## Labels

### Choosing Labels
You can rename the current file by clicking the file name in the navigation bar or by clicking the **Rename** button in the file explorer.
### Labeling data to train the model

## Training the Model

You can delete the current file by clicking the **Remove** button in the file explorer. The file will be moved into the **Trash** folder and automatically deleted after 7 days of inactivity.

## Using the Model to label all tweets

You can export the current file by clicking **Export to disk** in the menu. You can choose to export the file as plain Markdown, as HTML using a Handlebars template or as a PDF.

## Visualizing the Results

Commit message:

Getting files in and readme format

README.md, after:

# How I used AI to classify Biden and Trump tweets



## Results


![alt text](https://github.com/Paulocochile/profilebreakdown/blob/main/BidenR.png?raw=true)

![alt text](https://github.com/Paulocochile/profilebreakdown/blob/main/TrumpR.png?raw=true)


## Extra Insights

- The file explorer is accessible using the button in left corner of the navigation bar.
- You can create a new file by clicking the **New file** button in the file explorer. You can also create folders by clicking the **New folder** button.

## Getting the Data

I found Trump and biden Tweets in the sources below:

- [Trump Tweets.](https://www.kaggle.com/austinreese/trump-tweets?select=realdonaldtrump.csv)

- [Biden Tweets.](https://www.kaggle.com/rohanrao/joe-biden-tweets)


## Labels

### Choosing Labels
You can rename the current file by clicking the file name in the navigation bar or by clicking the **Rename** button in the file explorer.
[Trump Clustering](https://www.kaggle.com/wordcards/trump-tweets-clustering)


### Labeling data to train the model

## Training the Model

You can delete the current file by clicking the **Remove** button in the file explorer. The file will be moved into the **Trash** folder and automatically deleted after 7 days of inactivity.

## Using the Model to label all tweets

You can export the current file by clicking **Export to disk** in the menu. You can choose to export the file as plain Markdown, as HTML using a Handlebars template or as a PDF.

## Visualizing the Results
